---
title: About me
date: 2016-08-24 17:51:42
---

Hi! My name is Xianglin Huang. I grew up in an honest and humble Chinese peasantry family in Huanggang, China. My father is an honest and humble peasant electrician. He worked diligently in his profession for over thirty-three years. Influenced by him, I made good efforts in study and got admitted in the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) when I was 18. Then I spent six years on my study and one year voluntarily teaching in a rural middle school in the west of China. 

After graduation from USTC, I worked for 5 years as a middle manager in the Yellow Crane Tower (YCT) Management Office in Wuhan. During my time as the Deputy Chief in the Marketing Department，I accomplished several big projects which greatly demonstrate my passion. Being fully deligated, I redesigned the New-version of [YCT Offical Website](www.cnhhl.com), which was later recognized and highly commented by my superiors and YCT cultural consultants. Through intimately working with my previous colleagues, Photographer Yong Wang and the YCT Tour Guides, I directed and produced a popular serie of YCT Wechat videos: [《北山寻亭》(Finding Pavillion in the North Hill) ](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/3SULwddTXL3-NDnRWACQVg), [《紫薇苑探春》(Touching Spring in Crepe-myrtle Garden)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MCHcrKnJAd5dNk-UcAryiA),[《曲径通幽》(a winding path leads to mysteries)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kLvWOq2N3i3w6UlCsTnXIw),[《乐高版<黄鹤楼>养成记》(Production Diary of Lego-version YCT)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/L4k-Wo2SNcOtRuT9UxzhWQ),[《古碑揽胜》(Ancient Momuments Sightseeing)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzA5NTI0ODkwMg==&mid=2652536921&idx=1&sn=05b8ac9b12688ac0e14c3c7cab51bc00&chksm=8bac1730bcdb9e2636e3543fa64b6e8b3b008cc79879662ec501313bed309e3136312b943703&scene=21#wechat_redirect),[《五月落梅》(Fallen Plum Blossom in May)](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/gLbvcQE-ib1rgkHE_16o3w). In 2017, I was appointed as a prominent member of the Hubei Province Quality Award Applying Task Force of YCT. I remarkably accomplished the archive organizing job of Marketing Department and gave an excellent presentation of "YCT Customers and Markets" managerial strategies. Later, I was redesignated as the Deputy Chief in Quality Supervision Department. The YCT Customer Research Project, which was directed by me in Marketing Department，was also redesignated to my new department. I was appointed as the leader of ISO Internal Audit Team of YCT Management Office. Working closely with the team members, I discovered hundreds of flaws in the departmental processes of YCT management and was committed to consistent improvement. I was responsible for the weekly analytical report of customer complaints and service quality improvement. Many of my advice was taken by the Board of YCT Managment Office into direct execution. However, I gradually found myself losing passion in my career. I was a conflict-opposed person, but my job made me keep generating conflicts through telling other people they were wrong and responsible for something they didn't expect. Moreover, due to the administrative characteristic of the YCT Management Office, quality improvement was often maintained superficially. The positive results would disappear in a short period of time. Unfortunately, I could not think of anything that I could do would change that.

Consequently, I resigned and moved to Maryland in September, 2019. Another principal reason was that I had to offer my daughter, who was then twenty-two-month-old, a complete home environment with the presence of both her Daddy and Mommy. In addition, I ended my eight-year-long-distance relationship with my husband by moving in with him.
