---
title: "10 28 2022 Crack Writing"
date: 2022-10-28T16:24:07-04:00
draft: true
---

Based on the membership trends of one health club, Healthy Heat fitness center, the author of this trade article argues that all health clubs should consider lower membership fees, in lieu of adding expensive features. Specifically, he argues that lowering membership fees will result in a greater increase in membership than adding new, expensive features such as indoor swimming pools. While there may be some validity to the notion that potential health club members consider fees when choosing a health club, this claim makes several assumptions not supported with evidence.

The article begins with flawed analysis of a series of events. Healthy Heart health club experience a decline in membership. To reverse this trend the club installed an indoor pool. The resulting increase in membership, according to the author, was insignificant. First, it is not clear what the author means when he says the increase in membership was insignificant. It could mean that it was not enough to offset the cost of the pool, that the incerase was not equal to the decline that preceded it, or that it did not meet the target increase set prior to the pool installation. It is also not clear what caused the initial decline. Did members leave for newer, better equipped clubs? Was there an economic downturn in the area that made any health club membership too expensive? Was there a recent sale on home-based exercise equipment that encouraged people to begin exercising at home? Without specific information about the initial decline and the resulting increase, there is no way for the reader to determine the relevance of this information to the argument made by the author.

Second, the author assumes that since there has not been significant growth in membership following the installation of the pool, potential members are not interested in any expensive features in health clubs and can only be enticed to join by lower membership fees. It may be that potential members are not interested in an indoor pool, but that is not evidence that other features will not encourage them to join. For example, some members may be interested in spin classes, featuring state of the art stationary bicycles, and will only consider clubs that offer this equipment. It may be that the pool Healthy Heart installed was small, not heated, or not conducive to the types of exercise potential clients were interested in. Without more information there is no evidence to show that a lack of interest in the club's pool equates to a lack of interest in all expensive equipment installations.

The author also makes the assumption that the experience of Healthy Heart health club can be extended to all health clubs. This assumption is the basis of his argument. While it might be the case that the expensive indoor pool did little to increase membership at Healthy Heart, there is no way to extrapolate this data to suggest similar results can be applied universally. It may be that Healthy Heart is located in a warm part of the country where many people have their own pools or have year-round access to a beach. Landlocked regions in colder climate might be more likely to experiencean upstick in membership as potential customers would see the pool as a benefit they could not find elsewhere. More information is needed about the location, climate, and general customer base of Healthy Heart, and then, perhaps the results could be extended to apply to other similar clubs in similar locations.

Finally, the author makes the claim that since the pool installation did little to incease membership, the only other option is to decrease membership fees. This claim is based on the idea that an indoor pool is somehow representative of all expensive health club features, and that if one is not a draw for customers, no other feature will be either. There is no information about Healthy Heart's current membership fees and how they compare to those of other health clubs in the region. If Healthy Heart's fees are significantly more, then price may be a factor in membership recruitment. However, if Healthy Heart's fees are similar to or lower than those of other, more popular clubs, lowering fees is unlikely to have any effect. Applying this approach to all clubs is unlikely to yield membership increases, as there is no information about the average fees correlated to membership. In order to make this claim the author must provide more data about health club fee structures and how they are correlated to overall membership.

The author of this article obviously intended to provide a trategy for struggling health clubs to increase membership. However, because of the flawed assumptions made and the lack of required data, this recommendation should not be followed as there is no indication it will lead to membershipg growth.