---
title: "10 27 2022 Crack Writing"
date: 2022-10-27T13:27:11-04:00
draft: true
---

Sample Essay
The author of this recommendation has identified a problem; that the circulation of the weekly newpaper, The Mercury, has declined over the last five years. The author claims that this decline is the direct resut of the introduction of a lower-priced paper, The Bugle, five ago. He recommends lowering the price of The Mercury so that it is less than that of The Bugle, which he elieves, will increase readership and attract more advertisers. It may be that the author has accurately identified the cause of The Mercury's decline. However, he has made assumptions and omitted key information to support his recommendation.
 At the outset, the author assumes that The Bugle's readership is greater than that of the Mercury, and that the 10,000 readers who no longer buy Th e Mercury now spend their money on The Bugle. This may be the case, however, the author has not provided circulation data or other information that would identify why readers are no longer interested in reading The Mercury or to prove that The Bugle's readership is increasing in correlation to The Mercury's decrease. Without this information, there is no way to know what has become of the lost readers of The Mercury. They may have moved from the city in a mass exodus due to housing or employment issues. They may now read their news online or rely on television news resources, and see no reason for the additional expense of a newspaper, and it could be that the circulation of both papers is on the decline. If the reason for the loss of readers is anything other than readers choosing a less expensive paper, lowering the price will decrease the company's revenues without increasing circulation.
  The author also assumes that other than price, the two newspapers are identical. If The Bugle is a daily paper, it may be that readers prefer news that is more current than the weekly paper, The Mercury, can provide.If that is the case, reducing the price of The Mercury will have no impact, as readers will continue to avoid the stale weekly news in The Mercury. It may also be the case that the two papers do not cover the same type of news. Perhaps The Bugle is staffed by experienced journalists who provide in-depth reporting of issues that are of great concern for citizens, while The Mercury focuses on human interest stories and publishing births, deaths, and anniversaries. If that is the case, those interested in learning more about the issues facing the community will not purchase The Mercury now that a hard newspaper is available.
  Finally, the author asserts a causal chain: lowering the price of the paper will increase circulation, which will then attract advertisers. He suggests that advertisers are motivated primarily by other factors, the potential for increased circulation will not result in additional advertisement sales. The author has not compared advertising rates or presentation between the two papers. Perhaps The Bugle's advertising rates are similar to those of The Mercury, but ads are presented in full color, or perhaps, The Bugle's rates are less than those of The Mercury. Or, perhaps, advertising in newspaper is universally declining and neither paper should expect to increase advertising revenues, as advertisiers turn to other media, such as radio and internet marketing.
  The publishers of The Mercury should review very carefully before taking action. The base assumptions, that The Bugle has a greater circulation than The Mercury, and that the difference is the direct result of the price difference between the two papers are not evident, and the other claims and recommendations presented fail to make the author's case for lowering the price of The Mercury.
