---
title: "10 27 2022 Crack Writing1"
date: 2022-10-27T14:35:14-04:00
draft: true
---

Sample essay

The author of this recommendation has identified a problem, that the company is currently less profitable than it was at a time in the past, when it operated from a single office location. The author recommends closing all field offices, which he believes will improve profitability and provide the opportunity for better supervision of employees. It may be that the company is currently less profitable because of increased expenses related to maintaining field offices and decreased efficiency among poorly supervised employees. However, he has made assumptions and omitted key information necessary to support his assertion. 


The crux of this argument is that the expense of the field offices is the cause of the decrease in profitability. However, this assumption does not consider the revenue generated by each field office, and the author has not evaluated the relative revenues and expenses of individual offices. It may be that some field offices are not generating enough revenue of offset the expense of maintaining the location. However, it may be that some, if not all field offices, generate significant revenue, above and beyond the cost of the office. Some field offices may be located in areas where it would be impossible to do business without a local branch of the company. Others may be located where it is eary to hire and retain highly specialized and skilled employees who are not easily hired near the company's central location. If either scenario were true, closing these successful field offices could decrease company revenue overall and have a negative impact on the company's profitability. In order to establish the veracity of his argument the author needs to provide more detailed information about the company's profits over time, correlated to the opening of each field office. In addition, he should provide information about individual field offices, noting which are profitable in their own right.

The author further suggests that employees in the field offices are not as well supervised as they might be in a central location. It may be that the authro is suggesting that employees who do not receive as much supervision are, as a result, less efficient in completing their work. However, he has not made that point explicitly. It may be that employees in the field offices do receive less supervision, but that they are more motivated to complete their work because they appreciate the autonomy they are afforded, and, it may be that employees in the central location, who are closely supervised, resent being micromanaged, and, knowing that their work will be checked and rechecked, are less meticulous about the work they produce.The author should provide more information on emplyee productivity and the quality of work produced. Without this information, the comment about supervision is not relevant to the argument he is making.

Finally, there may be market factors that are affecting the company's profitability. It may be that the cost of raw materials has increased, that market conditions have required a price drop, or that recent competition has made the company's products less attractive to customers. The author of this recommendation writes from a position of considering only one possible cause of the decline, and if that decline is not at all related to the expenses of field offices, closing those offices could eliminate opportunities to reach new customers and increase revenue.


The executives of Apogee Company should review this recommendation and consider other data before moving forward. Jumping to the same conclusions as the author, and rushing to centralize the company's operations may increase profitability, but without additional information, there is no way to know if that will be the case.