---
title: "11 10 2022"
date: 2022-11-10T13:57:55-05:00
draft: true
---


fc:
ic:
E:

comparison defect: are the two surveys comparable? do they have the same settings?
Valuing social skills and courtesy means conducting social skills and courtesy
people generally tell truth when they are surveyed.

Citing a survey conducted last year showed that young adults playing RPGs value social skills and courtesy than ever before by almost a 2 to 1 margin compared to the same survey from 10 years ago, the speaker asserts that RPGs are promoting social interaction and friendship among the young adults playing them, which is certainly opposed to what RPGs have criticzed for, and that therefore more people should play RPGs. However, with unsupported assumptions in his line of reasoning, the argument of the speaker is not sound.
Even though the speaker contends the two surveys mentioned are the same, no specific details about the settings are provided. The two surveys may have the same topic, but the questions, the subjects may be different. For example, one survey involves 100 people, while the other involves 1000 people. Then the increase subjects who value social skills may actually take a less proportion of the whole range it belongs. In that case, there is no evidence to show that RPGs are promoting social interaction.
Assuming there are more RPGs players value soial interaction today than ten years ago, the speaker still cannot persuade reader into believing that valuing social interactions euqals to conducting social interactions. It is easy to agree with that something is good without doing it. The young players may agree with that social skills and courtesy are important, but they may not have the courtesy.
Therefore, what RPGs actually do may be promoting the acknowledgement of the importance of social interactions but not the enforcement.
Finally, and most importantly, the speaker takes it for granted that if RPGs can prove their values in positive effect on young adults to become social, then it is worthy for more people to play. The speaker omit the fact that many young people may get addicted to the game, which significantly decrease their time spent with their families and friends. Furthermore, scientists have found that be addicting to RPGs, young adult may lose their ability to adapt into the real world.

