---
title: "11 3 2022 Crack Writing"
date: 2022-11-03T12:45:55-04:00
draft: true
---
The author of this report believes long experience of Olympic Foods will minimize its costs and thus maximize profits, just like the experience of color film companies cause the drop of print price.

sample essay
* *It might seem logical that* a company, over time, would use its experience to reduce expenses by streamlining its processing operations. The author of this argument has used the example of photo processing to justify his belief that the same result will accurate in the processing of frozen foods. Not only is it a stretch to compare two such disparate industries, it is unwise to do so without more information or considering alternative explanations for the apparently successful reduction in operating costs in the photo processing industry.
* Since this argument is part of a report sent to stockholders, the likely purpose of the argument is to reassure stockholders about their choice of Olympic Foods as an investment. Stockholders expect companies in which they have invested to pay dividends on their stocks every quarter. It may be that Olympic Foods has failed to show a profit, and the stockholders have some concerns about the future of the company. To boost the confidence of stockholders, the company has used some non specific language to paint a rosy picture of the future. The phrase "over time" in the first sentence fails to reveal how much time it takes a specific business to reduce the cost of processing through greater efficiency. In the final sentence, the report includes the phrase "we can expect" to proclaim the likelihood of maximizing profits. Expectations are not enough to create success. In order to convence stockholders, the company should present a detailed timeline of actions it plans to take to minimize costs and maximize profits.
* Using the photo processing industry to bolster its argument is suspect at best and spurious at the worst. It is, in effect, an attempt to divert the attention of the stockholders from what may actually be happening at Olympic Foods. The company appears to have used real evidence from the photo processing industry to demonstrate how the cost of processing can be reduced, but there is missing information. Over the fourteen-year period cited in the report, a number of events may have occurred to reduce the cost of processing photos. An increase in volume, alone, may account for the reduced prices. Today, one can even go to Wal-Mart or a drug store and  process his or her own prints for pennies apiece.
* The cost of doing business for Olympic Foods involves more than just processing expenses. Increased efficiency in that area of the industry may be offset by rising utility costs, higher wages, pricey packaging, or greater prices for raw materials. Focusing on the cost of processing may be aimed at distracting the stockhodlers from other aspects of the business that could have a negative impact on profitability. In order to protect their investment, the stockholders should demand to see a complete accounting of expenses and earnings.

This argument uses a cause-and-effect line of reasoning to support the recommendation that the city move some of its funds that support the arts to help fund public television. The cause is a 15 percent increase in the number of visual arts programs viewed by participants in a survey. The effect is a similar increase in the number of people visiting the city's art museums. Because public television funding is being threatened, the city's council on the arts fears that museum attendance will decline and offers this rationale to support the recommendation. Before reallocating funds, the city leaders should carefully analyze the argument offered by the arts council and seek additional information.
Percentage can be misleading. A 15 percent increase is significant if the original number is relatively high. If the survey conducted five years ago revealed that 40 respndents watched programs about the visual arts, a 15 percent increase would mean that now 46 respondents watch those programs. Six additional viewers over a five-year span are not enough to justify changing decisions about funding. The argument claims that a similar increase in visits to the city's arts museums occurred over the same period of time. Decision makers cannot determine if the actual increase is greater or less than 15 percent, but, again, the acutal numbers would be more telling.
The council on the arts may want to know if there are other reasons for increased attendance at the museums. Has the admission price been reduced, making it more affordable for families to visit the arts museums? Perhaps the museums have installed more attractive exhibits that have a broader appeal. They may also have conducted a strong marketing campaign to encourage more citizens to visit. The council should also take a closer look at television viewership. Why are more people watching television shows about the visual arts? There may be fewer television stations serving this market than there were five years ago. With fewer programming choices, more people are tuning in to public television, where most of these shows are aired.
Another point of inspection is the acutual timing of the increase in both television viewing and museum visits. If the increases occurred concurrently and evenly over the five year period, then considering those numbers is a valid point. If, however, one or both of those increases occurred  in the first year of the five-year span, the numbers are misleading and manipulative. The same is true if the increases occurred in the last year of the span. A one-year increase is an anomaly, not a trend.
Finally, the city leaders must determine if there actually is a cause-and-effect relationship, and, if one exists, which event influenced the other. Did citizens watch more television shows after visiting the city's art museums, or did they visit the art museums after watching the television shows? Based on the paucity of information in the memorandum, the leadership cannot eliminate the possiblity that the events are simply coincidental and cannot shift funding without a more detailed rationale.