---
title: "12 13 2022 Acct"
date: 2022-12-13T10:30:41-05:00
draft: true
---

1- Accounting Program Research Rankings by Topical Area and Methodology(2010)
Topics: auditing, financial, managerial, accounting information systems, tax, and other
Methodologies: analytical, archival, experimental, and other

2- Game on: Social networks and marketsR
**Lasse Heje Pedersen**:(*Stanford PhDB 2001, Univ.Copenhagen M.S./B.S.(Mathematics-Economics)1997/1995*).
four types of investors (naive,fantastics,rational ST, rational LT)
DeGroot model:
- Rational agents: 
  * flexible - stubborn 
  * reason: process information to conclude
- “fanatic” agents:
  * stubborn
  * reason: irrational
both affect asset price through "thought leadership" and "influencer values" on social media
Example.    
    * Bailey et al. (2018)
    * people with friends who experienced recent house price gains increase their housing market expectations and “buy larger houses and pay more for a given house.”

model:x(t)

belif formation
- when everyone is naive
    * each has an opinion
    * ends up in a commonsense
- one fantastic/rational (stubborn), others are naive
    * ends up in the stubborn opinion
    * "Markov chain absorbing state"
- fantastics, rationals, and naives
    * Assumption 1. Any agent i is hardheaded (rational or fa- natic) or influenced by a hardheaded agent j, either di- rectly (i.e., Aij >0) or indirectly (i.e., there exist agents k1,...,kz such that Aik1 > 0,Ak1k2 > 0,...,Akz j > 0).
    * the naive investors end up with views that are a mixture of the fanatic and rational views, xh. (wealth-weighted opinions)

A Markov chain or Markov process is a stochastic model describing a sequence of possible events in which the probability of each event depends only on the state attained in the previous event.

example: 1 fantastic, 2 rational(ST and LT), others naive.
fantastic price:500(stable or lean to rational )
rational price:300(stable)
naive price:1->450->(stable or lean to rational)

Asset pricing effects in financial market:
    * Announcement effects, e.g., 
    * post-earnings drift 
    * Momentum and fundamental momentum
    * Local bias and network spillover effects
    * Excess volatility
    * Value investing
    * Long-run reversal and value effect

The author built his model with sufficient mathematic knowledge.
The model is sophiscated. However, the author fails to prove anything but that his model was derived from other theories and is able to correspond with some example. From the example he provided, I cannot see any part of it show that the model is necessary. The key problem is that the author asserts his model uncover the mechanism of how naive investors are affected by other investors, but in his example this was not addressed clearly. He demonstrated that some fantastic investors and influencers may have significant impact on the trades of certain stock. But no data shows that these trades are executed by naives. It can be manipulated by only a small group of investors closely associated with that fantastic online.
If the revenues could be disclosed and showed that a large amount of naives involved in the example mentioned by the author, I would be more convinced.

Methodology: modeling, visualization.


- first part: connect with literature
- second part: introduce the model
- third part: analysis of example
- conlusion

1. Model
   1. Asset and signals. 
   2. Naive and rational learning in a social network.
   3. Portfolios and prices.
   4. Notation.
2. Belief formation in a social network
   2.1. Social influence when everyone is naive and connected
   2.2. A fanatic in an echo chamber: stubborn fake news
   2.3. Rationality in an echo chamber: the stubbornness of truth
   2.4. Fanaticism vs. rationality: main model of a social network
   2.5. Influencers versus thought leaders
3. Market behavior with a social network
    3.1. Prices with a social network
    3.2. Value, momentum, trading volume, and volatility
4. A case study of GameStop
    4.1. Gamified trading of GameStop
    4.2. Price, volume, volatility, and social media interest. 
    4.3. Other effects.
    4.4. Link to the model. 
5. Conclusions and further directions
   1. Diamond hands.
   2. Rocket and YOLO trades.
   3. Gamification of trading.
   4. Meme trading frenzy. 
   5. Echo chambers. 
   6. Size of wallet vs. number of followers. 
   7. Influencer values. 
   8. Excess volatility. 
   9. 




