---
title: "12 13 2022 Brianbushee"
date: 2022-12-13T16:13:47-05:00
draft: true
---


1- Does the media help or hurt retail investors during the IPO quiet period?
Brian Bushee(Wharton), etc 


"In the post-IPO period, media coverage could help retail investors overcome these issues through an "information effect." Retail investors may find the comprehensive, but complex, information of the prospectus costly to process. These investors would benefit if the media disseminates information in a more clear and concise way. Further, retail investors who trade based on fundamental information would aboid the post-IPO period if they anticipate higher trading costs during this time, such as higher information asymmetries and a comparative disadvantage in processing public information. However, if media coverage effectively substitutes for the lack of firm and analyst disclosure, it would encourage these retail investors to participate in the immediate post_IPO market. Scuh trading by more sophisticated retail investors could improve price efficiency, especially given the arbitrage constraints faced by institutional investors.
Alternatively, media coverage could create an "attention effect" by exacerbating these factors and harming retail investors during the post-IPO quiet period, even though the media may be providing useful information during this time. Prior work shows that, in general, retail traders are susceptible to attention-included trade. Given the attention created by the IPO, the post_IPO period could attract a higher percentage of attention-prone retail traders than usual. These traders would be more likely to react to the visibility provided by media articles, as opposed to their information content. Moreover, Bushee and Friedman argue that investors who are susceptible to uninformative signals are more likely to react to these signals when fundamental information is less precise. If media information is less precise than firm press releases or analyst reports, then such investors would put more weight on the attention generated by media coverage, rather than the information content. In addition, any bias in the media's coverage decisions could result in retail investors only receiving a subset of relevant information if these investors fail to adequately consider the information in the IPO firm's prospectuses. These problems could be exacerbated for IPO firms because of their limited operating histories and less developed information environments. Normally, any mispricing created by attention-based trade would be corrected by sophisticated investors. However, arbitrage constraints in the immediate post-IPO period increase the likelihood that retail trade influences price. The conluence of these factors raises the possibility that media coverage prompts unprofitable attention-based trade by retail investors."

DATA: 
    a sample of 982 IPOs between 2007 and 2016
VARIABLE1:
    use intraday TAQ data to identify retail investor trades using the Boehmer et al. (2017) method.
VARIABLE2: 
    measure media coverage using RavenPack
Assumption:
- attention effect    
    * any visibility prompts retail purchasing
- information effect
    * only positive sentiment news increases retail purchasing

sentiment:




structure (relatively boring)
1. Introduction 
2. Institutional background
3. Hypothesis development
4. Sample and data
    4.1. Sample selection
    4.2. Trade measures
    4.3. Media coverage measures
    4.4. Other variables and controls

5. Results
    5.1. Quiet period and news releases
    5.2. Media coverage and retail investor trades: within-firm analyses
    5.3. Media coverage and retail investor trades: across-firm analyses
    5.4. Retail trade and earnings announcement returns
    5.5. Comparison of IPO and non-IPO time periods
    5.6. Intraday analysis
6. Conclusion




