---
title: "12 5 2022"
date: 2022-12-05T15:17:55-05:00
draft: true
---

I remember every teacher that has taught me since I was in Kindergarten. If a friend wants to know who our first grade teacher was in elementary school, all they have to do is ask me. The teachers all looked very kind and understanding in my eyes as a child. They had special relationships with nearly each and every one of the students and were very nice to everyone. That's the reason I remember all of them.
A teacher's primary goal is to teach students the best they can about the things that are in our textbooks and more important, how to show respect for one another. They teach us how to live a better life by getting along with everyone. In order to do that, the teachers themselves have to be able to relate well with students.
My parents are teachers too. One teaches Plant Biology and one teaches English, but that's not the reason I'm calling them "teachers." They are teachers because they teach me how to act in special situations and how to cooperate with others. I have a brother, and my parents use different approaches when teaching us. They might scold my brother for surfing the internet too long because he doesn't have much self-control and they need to restrain him. He almost never studies on his own and is always either drawing, playing computer games, or reading. On the other hand, they never tell me off for using the computer too long. I do my own work when I want and need to because that brings me the best results and my parents understant that. They know that I need leisure time of my own and that I'll only play until needed. My parent's ability to relate well with my brother and I allows them to teach, not just the subject they teach but also their excellent knowledge on life.
Knowledge of the subject being taught is someting taken for granted, but at the same time, secondary. One must go through and pass a series of courses and tests in order to become a teacher. Any teacher is able to have excellent knowledge of their subject but not all teachers can have the ability to relate well with students.
A teacher's primary goal is to teach students the best they can about how to show respect for one another, so teachers use different approaches when teaching, and knowledge of the subject being taught is secondary. For these reasons, I claim with confidence that excellent knowledge of the subject being taught is secondary to the teacher's ability to relate well with their students.
